>> In Bupa quest to find a healthier you
They took head coach for the family
>> Head coach Melinda Kan
Occupation mum and schoolteacher
>> And her star player
>> Star player Denver Kan
Occupation full-time student
>> to the Hawthorne headquarters at the Ricoh
Center
To find out just what it takes
To support a team of champions
>> Head fitness coach Andrew "Jack" Russell
Club dietitian Simone Austin
Brad Sewell wears number 12 and plays the
mid field
>> What does a Hawk eat?
>> A Hawk has to eat a really balanced, healthy
diet
>> In real life hawks eat insects mice and
smaller birds
What does a magpie taste like?
>> They don't taste very good at all, they
taste rotten in fact
>>So Denver, what food do you think a Hawk
should eat?
>> I think they should eat lots of vegetables
and meat and a little bit of pasta
>> Simone you are the dietician for the Hawks
Were Denver's food choices good?
>> Denver made really good food choices
Meats as long as we make sure that they're
lean
And then your pasta was another part
Great as long as we just don't over-eat in
the pasta department+++++
And then the vegetables
Something I am always trying to get them to
eat more of
>> If I want to play AFL, what food is good
for me?
>> We eat a lot of meat for protein to build
muscles up
A lot of fruit and veggies as well
>> and actually when you use this app about
looking at sugar and fat
So you just hold the bare code out
Press scan
And then it comes up beautifully
With a traffic light system
With green making really good so for "go"
Orange being amber just watch a bit what you're
doing
And then if it's got red it means it's not
good in that area, stop and think about what
you're doing
>> do you like pizza?
>> some players more than others may eat pizzas,
a bit too regularly
>> burgers?
>> I do like burgers but again, we need to
be careful not to eat too many of them
>> we have these skin fold callipers so they
measure the body fat
So if a player has been having far too much
to eat or not the right food or anything
then the body fat levels would go up
so these don't lie
>> there are always options
you just need to think long and hard about
which options you want to eat
but you always will be able to find something
>> so take in what we have learned today along
with the Bupa Healthier You Tool Kit
You too can support your own team of champions